Move Encrypted Messages to the top level (#642)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

In the event the Credential Issuer can no longer issue the credential(s), the `credential_request_denied` error code as defined in (#credential-request-errors) should be used in response to a request. A wallet upon receiving this error SHOULD stop making requests to the deferred credential endpoint for the given `transaction_id`. 

> # Encrypted Messages {#encrypted-messages}

Reviewer: A more specific heading might help now it's a top level heading:

```suggestion
# Encrypted Credential Request and Responses {#encrypted-messages}
```

> Encryption of Request and Response Messages is performed as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encryption of requests and responses for the Credential and Deferred Credential Endpoints is performed as follows:
```
